[Workers] Update Vitest integration known issues with coverage/fake timers (#13465)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/testing/vitest-integration/known-issues.md

The Workers Vitest pool is currently in open-beta. These are issues Cloudflare is aware of and fixing:

### Coverage

Native code coverage via [V8](https://v8.dev/blog/javascript-code-coverage) is not supported. You must use instrumented code coverage via [Istanbul](https://istanbul.js.org/) instead. Refer to the [Vitest Coverage documentation](https://vitest.dev/guide/coverage) for setup instructions.

### Fake timers

> Vitest's [fake timers](https://vitest.dev/guide/mocking.html#timers) do not apply to KV, R2 and Cache simulators. For example, you cannot expire a KV key by advancing fake time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vitest's [fake timers](https://vitest.dev/guide/mocking.html#timers) do not apply to KV, R2 and cache simulators. For example, you cannot expire a KV key by advancing fake time.
```

### Automatically re-running tests with `SELF`

> If you are writing integration tests with `SELF`, you must import your Worker's `main` entrypoint in your test file for tests to re-run when files change. For example, if `main` was set to `./src/index.ts`, include `import "./src/index"` at the top of each test file. Vite's module analysis that powers hot-module-reloading is performed statically and currently does not detect the dynamic import of `main` in our test runner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are writing integration tests with `SELF`, you must import your Worker's `main` entry point in your test file for tests to re-run when files change. For example, if `main` was set to `./src/index.ts`, include `import "./src/index"` at the top of each test file. Vite's module analysis that powers hot-module-reloading is performed statically and currently does not detect the dynamic import of `main` in your test runner.
```
entrypoint = Docker product
entry point = programming concept
:)

& "our" test runner? Or the user's test runner (i.e. "your")?
